Let's start solving this exercise. The first task was to put your name and your age,
well we already got the name field so populate this with Max and then it's also important or required
to also add an age field,
so let me quickly do this and I'll set it to 27 since this is my age. Up here,
you can then replace your name with double curly braces for the string interpolation syntax and output
name here, referring to this name property in the data property.
Remember, we don't need this or anything at the beginning,
no this, no data, nothing like that, we can directly access name here. In the parentheses, I then want to output
the age, using the same syntax and referring to age.
If I save this by hitting control enter, we see Max 27 over there,
so this is the first task solved.
The second task was to output my age multiplied by three,
well that's really easy to do,
I'll again use double curly braces to enter this interpolation syntax and then here, I refer to my
age property which I already store due to the first exercise we finished and I simply multiply it by three,
this is how easy we can output a js expression or the result of this expression, as you will see when I
hit enter,
we see 81.
Well I still got some time to get to that point, here
this is how easy we use a javascript expression between the curly braces. The third exercise does something
or requires something similar
but here I don't want to output a simple calculation in here, instead I want to call a function,
so let's first add a method to the methods array down here or the methods object, excuse me and choose
any name you like,
I'm going to name it random and this will be a function where I simply return math.random, this then
allows me up here to call this function
and upon hitting control enter,
we see a random number, changing each time as I repeatedly
well reload this application or reload
this page. This is how easy it is,
the key thing to take away here is that random, that the function call here
just is another javascript expression like in the second exercise. There we executed the code right between
the curly braces,
now we're calling a function
but in both exercise or both tasks, we actually rend some javascript code between the curly braces,
doesn't matter if it is a function call or the code or the calculation itself.
Now it's getting interesting,
we're leaving the world of this curly brace interpolation syntax and instead
here, I now want to search an image on Google and output it here in
my image tag.
Well what could be output?
Well I will be there uncreative
and simply search for vuejs on the images and let's pick, woah this looks really awesome so
let's pick this one. I now want to output this image and of course, I could simply add my link here, hit control
enter and well yeah we almost see it,
it's a bit too big.
So yes, that would be the image,
maybe we should add some style here to make this more visible,
so let's add a width and a height here,
Yeah
that looks better,
of course the dimensions are now messed up but at least we see it.
But anyways this is not how I want to add this image,
I don't want to paste the link in here,
instead I want to store it here in a property in my data field, image, which is a string holding this
URL and then up here,
I simply want to bind this source attribute.
Now we learned that it won't work if I use double curly braces here,
this is not how it works,
this will resolve to an error.
We can try it out,
if I add image here, well we don't see the image clearly because again this is not how it works,
we can't use the curly brace syntax here in a html attribute.
We therefore have to bind it using v-bind, like this.
This now tells vuejs that this source attribute here is no longer directly controlled by html
so to say but instead that now vuejs controls it and sets the value dynamically.
This then allows me to pass the source of this dynamic value which here is the image property between the
quotation marks, important no curly braces here
since we already are in vuejs world due to this v-bind directive here. With that set up, if
I now hit control enter, we now see the image again but setting it dynamically through this link down
there. For the last exercise,
we're kind of doing the same but now with the value of this input
and again the first ID I might be to use the curly braces here and output name and that of course won't
work, we see curly braces name down there now because again, this is not how it works,
we can't use curly braces here.
Instead we will again use v-bind to bind this value attribute using the v-bind directive in vuejs to therefore
now make this dynamic and allowing us to now simply pass the property name between the quotation
marks
thus upon hitting control enter, we now see my real name down there.
This word, the first exercise in outputting data should have been too complicated but yet it's very
important to get this right, to understand these core mechanics because we're going to use them throughout
this course
and if you get some issues here, now is the time to get 100% clear about what you're doing
because we will need this and everything else kind of builds up on that. With that, let's continue with the
next lectures.